Update installation.md (#21598)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/containers/kubernetes/installation.md

kubectl delete datadogagent datadog
helm delete my-datadog-operator
```

> Please ensure to remove DatadogAgent objects from your cluster first and then uninstall the operator via helm uninstall

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make to remove DatadogAgent objects from your cluster first and then uninstall the operator using the helm uninstall command.
```

- **Configure integrations**. See [Integrations & Autodiscovery][5].
- **Other configurations**: To collect events, override proxy settings, send custom metrics with DogStatsD, configure container allowlists and blocklists, or reference the full list of available environment variables, see [Further Kubernetes Configuration][4].

> Manifest Templates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Manifest Templates
```

> [Manifest with Logs, APM, process, and metrics collection enabled]
> [Manifest with Cluster Agent].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Manifest with logs, APM, processes, and metrics collection enabled].
[Manifest with the Cluster Agent].
```

Reviewer: Where should these be linked to?
